I'm tired of that Maserati.
You put a Lamborghini for me
Ok I promise you
You are not allowed to continue writing that mute for another month
That's more like it.
So you won't be angry?
used to it
You are such a fool
Your favorite bubble tea.
Drink something sweet
Lan Lan
This is the king's
Lan Lan, how are you?
I'm fine, it's just that my clothes are smashed.
What about you? You didn't rise anywhere, did you?
Boss, I'm fine too.
These takeaway orders are about to expire.
I have to deliver it quickly
How can you deliver it when you are all wrapped up like this?
Forget it, I'll go.
Lan Lan, go change into my passive clothes
You can't help me with the list.
I'll give it to you on site.
It's over, you wait for me in the lobby, I'll go to a game and come back
Zhang Wan
What are you doing here?
You are here to find Ah Shi